Milt
the Sinclair will have his hands full to
try and keep pace with the board
momentum of Danny Mills tonight his
snare and it's for toca
quick incisive
three minutes
Nate United have delayed
paducah picked out
and he scores for the fourth consecutive
game at Allen Road
and the West Ham defense just melted
away in front of it
Justin caught in possession Joe Cole can
only play it squirt there to help him
out
and in comes Mills get out of their own
half West Ham at the moment but oka
two inside the opening seven minutes for
leads to in very quick succession for
mark viduka
very much down to Danny Mills they
supply lied
who made the ball here's at pace cooking
on at Pace crossed at place the perfect
place for the diving Australian
david james the area there of a man who
doesn't really know what's hit him and
his team
follow
laughs a bow yet I was taking there by
mon coeur
and Robbie Fowler takes full advantage
he's a true natural in front of goal
west ham of a fallen foul of some rather
sloppy defending at the start of the
second half as they did at the start of
the first
and even with the height of David James
he was left absolutely helpless by the
beautiful judgment from fowler here
up and over in leeds united three west